fix: use local mutable sources for props in legacy mode in case they are indirectly invalidated (#16038)
sveltejs/svelte: .changeset/orange-tips-pull.md

---
'svelte': patch
---

> fix: use local mutable sources for props in legacy mode in case they are indirectly invalidated

Author: ```suggestion
fix: treat transitive dependencies of each blocks as mutable in legacy mode
```
